[Word] (dictionary) Refresh (#4052)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/word/dictionary-task-pane-add-ins.md

</xs:schema>
```

> Returned XML that conforms to the OfficeDefinitions schema consists of a root **\<Result\>** element that contains a **\<Definitions\>** element with from zero to three **\<Definition\>** child elements, each of which contains definitions that are no more than 400 characters in length. Additionally, the URL to the full page on the dictionary site must be provided in the **\<SeeMoreURL\>** element. The following example shows the structure of returned XML that conforms to the OfficeDefinitions schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returned XML consists of a root **\<Result\>** element that contains a **\<Definitions\>** element with zero to three **\<Definition\>** child elements. Each child element contains definitions that are less than 400 characters in length. Additionally, the URL to the full page on the dictionary site must be provided in the **\<SeeMoreURL\>** element. The following example shows the structure of returned XML that conforms to the OfficeDefinitions schema.
```
Shortened sentences for readability and localization. Also removed the redundant phrase that's emphasized in the closing sentence of this paragraph.

}
```

> To get you started with development, you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with development, you can do the following.
```

> 1. Add a **Web Service (ASMX)** to the add-in's web application project in Visual Studio, naming it **DictionaryWebService**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a **Web Service (ASMX)** to the add-in's web application project in Visual Studio and name it **DictionaryWebService**.
```
Verb agreement

  <!--DisplayName is the name that will appear in the user's list of applications.-->
  <DisplayName DefaultValue="Microsoft Office Demo Dictionary" />
  <!--Description is a 2-3 sentence description of this dictionary. -->

>   <Description DefaultValue="The Microsoft Office Demo Dictionary is an example built to demonstrate how a publisher could create a dictionary that integrates with Office. It doesn't return real definitions." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Description DefaultValue="The Microsoft Office Demo Dictionary is an example built to demonstrate how a publisher can create a dictionary that integrates with Office. It doesn't return real definitions." />
```
Avoid passive voice (super minor, I know...)

      <TargetDialect>EN-ZW</TargetDialect>
    </TargetDialects>
    <!--QueryUri is the address of this dictionary's XML web service (which is used to put definitions in additional contexts, such as the spelling checker.)-->
    <QueryUri DefaultValue="http://contoso/ExampleDictionary/WebService.asmx/Define?word="/>
    <!--Citation Text, Dictionary Name, and Dictionary Home Page will be combined to form the citation line (for example, this would produce "Examples by: Contoso", where "Contoso" is a hyperlink to http://www.contoso.com).-->
    <CitationText DefaultValue="Examples by: " />
    <DictionaryName DefaultValue="Contoso" />
    <DictionaryHomePage DefaultValue="http://www.contoso.com" />
  </Dictionary>
</OfficeApp>
```

> The **\<Dictionary\>** element and its child elements that are specific to creating a dictionary add-in's manifest file are described in the following sections. For information about the other elements in the manifest file, see [Office Add-ins XML manifest](../develop/xml-manifest-overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **\<Dictionary\>** element and its child elements specific to creating a dictionary add-in's manifest file are described in the following sections. For information about the other elements in the manifest file, see [Office Add-ins XML manifest](../develop/xml-manifest-overview.md).
```

*Figure 6. Demo dictionary UI*

[!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
![Demo dictionary UI.](../images/dictionary-add-in-06.png)

### Write the JavaScript implementation

The following example shows the JavaScript implementation in the .js file that's called from the add-in's HTML page to provide the programming logic for the Demo Dictionary add-in. This script reuses the XML web service described previously. When placed in the same directory as the example web service, the script will get definitions from that service. It can be used with a public OfficeDefinitions-conforming XML web service by modifying the `xmlServiceURL` variable at the top of the file.

> The primary members of the Office JavaScript API (Office.js) that are called from this implementation are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary members of the Office JavaScript API (Office.js) that are called from this implementation are shown in the following list.
```

- The [getSelectedDataAsync](/javascript/api/office/office.document#office-office-document-getselecteddataasync-member(1)) method of the `Document` object, which is called in the `tryUpdatingSelectedWord()` function when the `SelectionChanged` event handler is raised to get the word or phrase the user selected, coerce it to plain text, and then execute the `selectedTextCallback` asynchronous callback function.
- When the  `selectTextCallback` asynchronous callback function that's passed as the *callback* argument of the `getSelectedDataAsync` method executes, it gets the value of the selected text when the callback returns. It gets that value from the callback's *selectedText* argument (which is of type [AsyncResult](/javascript/api/office/office.asyncresult)) by using the [value](/javascript/api/office/office.asyncresult#office-office-asyncresult-status-member) property of the returned `AsyncResult` object.

> - The rest of the code in the  `selectedTextCallback` function queries the XML web service for definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The rest of the code in the `selectedTextCallback` function queries the XML web service for definitions.
```

- The remaining code in the .js file displays the list of definitions in the add-in's HTML UI.

In the add-in's web application project in Visual Studio, you can replace the contents of the **./Home.js** file with the following sample JavaScript.

```js
// The document the dictionary add-in is interacting with.
let _doc;
// The last looked-up word, which is also the currently displayed word.
let lastLookup;

// The base URL for the OfficeDefinitions-conforming XML web service to query for definitions.
const xmlServiceUrl = "DictionaryWebService.asmx/Define";

// Initialize the add-in.
// The initialize function is required for all add-ins.
Office.initialize = function (reason) {
    // Checks for the DOM to load using the jQuery ready method.
    $(document).ready(function () {
        // After the DOM is loaded, app-specific code can run.
        // Store a reference to the current document.
        _doc = Office.context.document;
        // Check whether text is already selected.
        tryUpdatingSelectedWord();
        // Add a handler to refresh when the user changes selection.
        _doc.addHandlerAsync("documentSelectionChanged", tryUpdatingSelectedWord);
    });
}

> // Executes when event is raised on user's selection changes, and at initialization time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Executes when event is raised on the user's selection changes, and at initialization time. 
```

// Gets the current selection and passes that to asynchronous callback function.
function tryUpdatingSelectedWord() {
    _doc.getSelectedDataAsync(Office.CoercionType.Text, selectedTextCallback);
}

// Async callback that executes when the add-in gets the user's selection.
// Determines whether anything should be done. If so, it makes requests that will be passed to various functions.
function selectedTextCallback(selectedText) {
    selectedText = $.trim(selectedText.value);
    // Be sure user has selected text. The SelectionChanged event is raised every time the user moves the cursor, even if no selection.
    if (selectedText != "") {

>         // Check whether user selected the same word the pane is currently displaying to avoid unnecessary web calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Check whether the user selected the same word the pane is currently displaying to avoid unnecessary web calls.
```

// It also sets the "See More" link.
function refreshDefinitions(data, textStatus, jqXHR) {
    $(".definition").remove();

    // Make a new list item for each returned definition that was returned, set the CSS class, and append it to the definitions div.
    $(data).find("Definition").each(function () {
        $(document.createElement("li")).text($(this).text()).addClass("definition").appendTo($("#definitions"));
    });

    // Change the "See More" link to direct to the correct URL.
    $("#SeeMoreLink").attr("href", $(data).find("SeeMoreURL").text());
}

// Basic error handler that writes to a div with id='message'.
function errorHandler(jqXHR, textStatus, errorThrown) {
    document.getElementById('message').innerText += ("textStatus:- " + textStatus + "\nerrorThrown:- " + errorThrown + "\njqXHR:- " + JSON.stringify(jqXHR));
}
```

## Try it out

> 1. Using Visual Studio, test the newly created Word add-in by pressing **F5** or choosing **Debug** > **Start Debugging** to launch Word with the **Show Taskpane** add-in button displayed in the ribbon. The add-in will be hosted locally on IIS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using Visual Studio, test the newly created Word add-in by pressing **F5** or choosing **Debug** > **Start Debugging** to launch Word with the **Show Taskpane** add-in button displayed on the ribbon. The add-in will be hosted locally on IIS.
```
I can't find a source, but I'm pretty sure we say "on the ribbon" if we do use this phrase.

> 1. In Word, if the add-in task pane isn't already open, choose the **Home** tab, and then choose the **Show Taskpane** button in the ribbon to open the add-in task pane. (If you're using the volume-licensed perpetual version of Office, instead of the Microsoft 365 version or a retail perpetual version, then custom buttons aren't supported. Instead, the task pane will open immediately.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Word, if the add-in task pane isn't already open, choose the **Home** tab, and then choose the **Show Taskpane** button to open the add-in task pane. (If you're using the volume-licensed perpetual version of Office, instead of the Microsoft 365 version or a retail perpetual version, then custom buttons aren't supported. Instead, the task pane will open immediately.)
```
We can eliminate "on the ribbon" in most cases. Once they choose the Home tab, they're already there. so it's redundant.
